It is a CPLD based project. Coding is done over Xilinx ISE in VHDL. The project is similar to a carrom game which we play at home. There are two payers and total of 3 chances will be given to each player one by one. LEDs represent the different colors carrom coins. In place of striker player is required to use push buttons. The score of three chances will add up depending upon on pressing a push button which LED glows. The result is displayed in the end with the help of a blinking LED.
There are total 4 push buttons. One is to start the game, other one is a reset button yo reset our game as and wen required. two more buttons provided signifies two players in the game. Since carrom game have three color carrom coins, three different color LED are used for representing carrom coins.  Three more LEDs are there, they are dedicated to display result. Since there are three possibilities, either player 1 wins or player 2 wins or it is a draw between both the players.Seven segment display is used to display the score of both the players.
If orange LED illuminates player will get 1 point & if yellow player will get 2 points. If Red LED illuminates the player who is playing at that time will get another chance to press the button. Now out of yellow and orange one LED will glow. If orange LED is on 4 points will get added to his account and if yellow LED gets illuminated the player will get 0 points. If any one of the player will get the queen and cover then in rest of the game there will be no queen since there is only one queen in carom. Each time the score of both the players will be displayed on their respective seven segment display. The total score after the completion of 3 chances for both the players will be compared and the player with greater points will win the game.
Coding is done over xilinx ISE platform using VHDL coding. Several components were defined in code as for adding the score of players adder is used, for comparing the scores of two players to display result comparator is used, binary to SSD decoder is used to display score or SSD and so on.